CONSOLE MESSAGE: Unhandled Promise Rejection: Error: unimplemented
Pointer Events capture test

Test Description: This test checks if setCapture/releaseCapture functions works properly. Complete the following actions:
Put your mouse over the black rectangle. pointerover and pointerenter should be logged inside of it.
Move your mouse out of the black rectangle. pointerout and pointerleave should be logged inside of it
Put your mouse over the purple rectangle. pointerover and pointerenter should be logged inside of it.
Move your mouse out of the purple rectangle. pointerout and pointerleave should be logged inside of it
Press and hold left mouse button over "Set Capture" button and move mouse a litte inside the button. "gotpointercapture", "pointerover", and "pointerenter" should be logged in the black rectangle
Put your mouse over the purple rectangle and then move it out. Nothing should happen
Put your mouse over the black rectangle and then move it out. Nothing should happen.
Put your mouse over the purple rectangle and then release left mouse button. "lostpointercapture" should be logged in the black rectangle. Move your mouse in the purple rectangle a little. "pointerout" and "pointerleave" should be logged in the black rectangle. Also "pointerover" and "pointerenter" should be logged in the purple rectangle"

Test passes if the proper behaviour of the events is observed.



Pointer Events Capture Test

The following pointer types were detected: (none).

The following events were logged: (none).


Harness Error (FAIL), message = Unhandled rejection: unimplemented

NOTRUN gotpointercapture event received
NOTRUN lostpointercapture event received
NOTRUN pointerover event without capture received
NOTRUN pointerover event with capture received
NOTRUN pointerout event without capture received
NOTRUN pointerout event after lostpointercapture received
NOTRUN pointerenter event without capture received
NOTRUN pointerenter event with capture received
NOTRUN pointerleave event without capture received
NOTRUN pointerleave event after lostpointercapture received

